And why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves up.

You are in hell, little man. And I am the devil.

Do I really look like a guy with a plan?

I just the took to calling it the Bat. And yes Mr. Wayne, it does come in black.

You see, I'm a guy of simple taste. I enjoy dynamite and gunpowder and gasoline.

A little the worse for wear, I'm afraid.

Just know that there are those of us who care about what you do with your future.

Someone like you. Someone who'll rattle the cages.

Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon Bacon I'm not wearing hockey pads.

I told you I was immortal. Oh there are many forms of immortality.

Death does not wait for you to be ready! Death is not considerate of fair! And make no mistake, here you face death. Tiger. Jujitsu. Panther. You're skilled. But this is not a dance. And you are afraid. But not of me. Tell us Mr. Wayne, what do you fear?

I had a vision of a world without Batman. The Mob ground out a little profit and the police tried to shut them down one block at a time. And it was so boring. I've had a change of heart. I don't want Mr Reese spoiling everything but why should I have all the fun? Let's give someone else a chance. If Coleman Reese isn't dead in 60 minutes then I blow up a hospital.

But we've met before. That was a long time ago, I was a kid at St. Swithin's, It used to be funded by the Wayne Foundation. It's an orphanage. My mum died when I was small, it was a car accident. I don't remember it. My dad got shot a couple of years later for a gambling debt. Oh I remember that one just fine. Not a lot of people know what it feels like to be angry in your bones. I mean they understand. The fosters parents. Everybody understands, for a while. Then they want the angry little kid to do something he knows he can't do, move on. After a while they stop understanding. They send the angry kid to a boy's home, I figured it out too late. Yeah I learned to hide the anger, and practice smiling in the mirror. It's like putting on a mask. So you showed up this one day, in a cool car, pretty girl on your arm. We were so excited! Bruce Wayne, a billionaire orphan? We used to make up stories about you man, legends and you know with the other kids, that's all it was, just stories, but right when I saw you, I knew who you really were. I'd seen that look on your face before. It's the same one I taught myself. I don't why you took the fault for Dent's murder but I'm still a believer in the Batman. Even if you're not...

I'm Bacon

Your Punishment Must Be More Severe.

Search him. Then I will kill you.

It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me.

It's not just your name, sir. It's your father's name. And it's all that's left of him. Don't destroy it.

It's ends here.

I just want my phone call.

You care about justice? Look beyond your own pain, Bruce. This city is rotting.

Bruce Wayne, eccentric billionaire.

You know how to fight six men. We can teach you how to engage 600.

My name is Merely Ducard but I speak for Ra's al Ghul... a man greatly feared by the criminal underworld. A mon who can offer you a path. Someone like you is only here by choice. You have been exploring the criminal fraternity but whatever your original intentions you have to become truly lost. The path of a man who shares his hatred of evil and wishes to serve true justice. The path of the League of Shadows.

You wanna know how I got these scars? My father was... a drinker, and a fiend. And one night, he goes off crazier than usual. Mommy gets the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that, not one bit. So, me watching he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. He turns to me and he says: "Why so serious?". He comes at me with the knife "Why so serious?". He sticks the blade in my mouth. "Let's put a smile on that face." and... Why so serious?

Oh, hee-hee, aha. Ha, ooh, hee, ha-ha, ha-ha. And I thought my jokes were bad.

Batman may have made the front page but Bruce Wayne got pushed to page eight.

When a forest grows too wild, a purging fire is inevitable and natural. Tomorrow the world will watch in horror as its greatest city destroys itself. The movement back to harmony will be unstoppable this time.

I seek the means to fight injustice. To turn fear against those who prey on the fearful.

Ah yes! I was wondering what would weight first. Your spirit... or your body?

This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.

You have nothing, nothing to threaten me with. Nothing to do with all your strength.

Or perhaps he's wondering why someone would shoot a man before throwing him out of the plane.

Do you want my opinion? You need to lighten up.

Bruce Wayne! Design, live and breathe. What brings you out of the prior sleep, Mr. Wayne?

You know how to disappear. We can teach you to become truly invisible.

No guns, no killing.

Theatricality and deception, powerful agents to the uninitiated. But we are initiated aren't we, Bruce? Members of the League of Shadows. And you betrayed us.

Every year, I took a holiday. I went to Florence, this cafe on the banks of the Arno. Every fine evening, I would sit there and order a Fernet Branca. I had this fantasy, that I would look across the tables and I would see you there with a wife maybe a couple of kids. You wouldn't say anything to me, nor me to you. But we would both know that you've made it, that you were happy. I never wanted you to come back to Gotham. I always knew there was nothing here for you except pain and tragedy and I wanted something more for you than that. I still do.

I thought this might be a good opportunity for... improving the foundations.

Bats frighten me. It's time my enemies shared my dread.

Are you so desperate to fight criminals that you lock yourself in to take them on one at a time ?

The first time I stole so that I wouldn't starve, yes. I lost many assumptions about the simple nature of right and wrong. And when I traveled I learned the fear before a crime and the thrill of success. But I never became one of them.

And as for the television's so-called plan, Batman has no jurisdiction.

I seek the means to fight injustice. To turn fear against those who prey on the fearful.

I know why you choose to have your little, ahem... group-therapy sessions in broad daylight. I know why you're afraid to go out at night. The Batman.

It was a dog. It was a big dog.

No, no, no, I kill the bus driver.

Swear to me!

You have inspired good. But you spat in the faces of Gotham's criminals. Didn't you think there might be casualties? Things always get worse before they get better.